OSSM-9336 Docs for understanding versioning, Service Mesh & Istio versions, and Operator Updates & Channels (#91920)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-understanding-operator-updates-and-channels.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// update/ossm-updating-openshift-service-mesh.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: Concept
[id="ossm-understanding-operator-updates-and-channels_{context}"]
= Understanding Operator updates and channels

> The {olm-first} manages Operators and their associated services using channels to organise and distribute updates. Channels are a way to group related updates together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {olm-first} manages Operators and their associated services by using channels to organize and distribute updates. Channels are a way to group related updates.
```
See ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#u
